1:  What is AWS?
a: Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform, offering over 200 fully featured services from data centers globally.
    Which offers so many services like computing services,storage services,database services,managing services etc. 

2. what is jenkins?
a. Jenkins is a continuous integration tool. It can fetch the code from version control system ,build the code ,test it and notify to the developer.
    Jenkins can do continuous delivery also.jenkins having so many plugins ,by using these plugins we can do any task in jenkins.jenkin is a open sources project.
    It is a java based web application server so we need to setup first java on the machine to run jenkins server.

3. what is Ansible?
a. Ansible is a configuration managment tool. It can manages configuration of IT infrastracure like OS,network devices,applications,softwares 
   and cloud computing services.Ansible can control large number of servers and eases administration and operational tasks. Ansible can do simple 
   configuration management and complex orchestration.Ansible connect Linux machines through SSH, Windows machines through winrm, cloud services through API.

4. what is GIT?
a. Git is a version control system tool. Developers follow to create softwares , there is going to be lot of code that developers 
   write or integrate in their softwares. all this code from different developers in the team has to be merged at a centralized place,
   which can keep track of all the versions of thier code,maintain the code and even revert back in time if anything breaks.

5. what is Maven?
a. Maven is build tool. Maven can manage a project build ,reporing and documentation from a central piece of information.Maven simplifies and 
   standardizes the project build process.It handles complition, documentation,distribution,team colleboration.

6. what is Docker?
a. Docker is a containirized tool designed to make it easier to create,deploy and run applications by using containers. Containers allow 
   a developer to package up an application with libraries and other dependencies and deploy it as one package.Containers are OS virtualization.
   We don't need a OS in the container to install our application.It depends on Host OS kernel.

7. what is kubernetes?
a. Kubernetes is a containarized orchestration tool. It is a open source platform for automating deployment,scaling,production and operations of 
   application containers across clusters of hosts,providing container centric infrastructure.Kubernetes having an agent kubectl by using 
   this agent we can manage the cluster from command line. 

8. Topics we have covered
a. Linux , Virtualization, bash scripting, AWS, python scripting, Ansible, Docker, Git, Maven, Jenkins, Kubernetes

9. list of 10 jenkin plugins.
a. s3publisher,upload artifact,violations,checkstyle,copy artifact,nexus copy artifact uploader,sonar qube,quality gates,email,code analysis,kubernetes,performance publisher.

10. List of ansible modules
a. user module, sync module, package module, service module, copy module, debug module, archive module,un-archive module, file module, git module, cli_command module, command module.

11. Dockerfile instructions
a.  from, expose, labels, run, cmd, entrypoint, volume, user, workdir, env, arg, copy.

12. what are objects in Kubernetes?
a. pods, Namespaces, ReplicationController (Manages Pods), DeploymentController (Manages Pods), StatefulSets, DaemonSets, Services, ConfigMaps.